[FLINK-20598] [training] Update playgrounds for Flink 1.12 (#21)
apache/flink-playgrounds: operations-playground/README.md

docker-compose build
```

> ### Preparing Checkpoints&Savepoints paths
> 
> Create the checkpoints and savepoints directories on host machine. ('state.checkpoints.dir' and 'state.savepoints.dir' in the flink-conf.yaml)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Preparing the Checkpoint and Savepoint Directories

Create the checkpoint and savepoint directories on the Docker host machine (these volumes are mounted by the jobmanager and taskmanager, as specified in docker-compose.yaml):
```
